_
Ah. good evening. father.
You're looking sharp.
[ Voice box ]
Mr. Valmont. the tally.
Moments away.
Gentlemen.
[ Clock ticking ]
[ Clock chiming ]
What are the standing totals?
Master Tyler King. $67.800.000.
All bids paid in full.
Master Francis King.
$67.400.000
with one account pending
for $1.8 million.
You haven't won yet.
I have. and you know it.
The contractual deadline
has passed.
The last tally stands.
Mr. Cardini failed
to wire funds for his lot.
I'm sorry.
Well. boys. get on with it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ Gun clicks ]
Next time.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
_
I'm sorry.
I've got nothing right for you.
If something comes in--
I just need to go back in. okay?
I don't care what it is.
- I'll take anything.
- You don't want to do that.
Sit down.
[ Sighs ]
You got class.
You're the boyfriend.
You're the hip. young executive.
That's where the top dollar is.
Anything else. for you.
is a sinful waste.
But I don't care.
I don't care about top dollar.
I just need to go back under.
Bud. please. It's me.
I can play anything.
Don't tell me
that girl got to you.
If you need
a palate-cleansing so bad.
I may have something.
How's your German?
[ Knock on door ]
I hope you're considering
the apartment at the Audrey.
You must stop living like this.
By all means. come right in.
Make yourself at home.
Madeline Pratt
has been abducted.
What do you care?
She almost got us both killed.
Foreplay.
My relationship with Madeline
is... nuanced.
Confounding. yet captivating.
she's a singular woman.
and the world is far more
interesting with her in it.
What's more. her abductors
meet every requisite
that defines inclusion
on the Blacklist.
The Kings.
The kings?
Of what?
Not "king"
as in "king and castle."
Earl King and his two sons.
Tyler and Francis.
descendents
of a Senescent Dynasty.
Their forefathers
built a fortune
on the backs
of British undesirables.
forcing them into decades
of indentured servitude--
a tradition that has been passed
from generation to generation
that still continues today.
So. what does this have to do
with Madeline Pratt?
Madeline has made
a number of well-heeled enemies
over the years.
many of whom would pay
a handsome price for her head.
If merely saving a woman's life
isn't enough to warrant
the Bureau's interest.
consider what taking down
a dynasty like the King family
would mean.
Every transaction
meticulously recorded
for posterity
in the family ledger.
Sometimes.
years pass between auctions.
They're never held
in the same place twice.
The guest lists
are constantly changing.
This is your chance to solve
a century and a half's worth
of abductions and thefts
from the Davidoff Morini
Stradivarius
to the disappearance
of Raoul Wallenberg.
This phone belonged to a boy
in the port of Lisbon.
where Madeline was abducted.
Pictures of the kidnapping.
Find the jackals
who took Madeline
and they'll inevitably lead you
to the Kings.
Ressler: So. we're going after
one blacklister to save another.
Tell me how that makes sense.
Earl King and his two sons.
Tyler and Francis--
from available intel.
they appear to be
an eccentric family
of trust-fund billionaires.
According to Reddington.
they supplement
their family fortune
with profits
from their illegal auctions.
Six months ago.
22 pounds of yellowcake uranium
seized by MI5
disappeared from
their evidence vault in Leeds.
The painting--
stolen from the Van Gogh Museum
in Amsterdam.
Reddington claims
both these items
will fall under the gavel
at the Kings' next auction.
I think I might have something.
I isolated this image
from the pics.
ran it against
our known-tattoo database.
and got a hit.
Silvio Haratz.
a Brazilian-born kidnapper
working the world's
K&R hotspots.
If the auction's
gonna be held on US soil.
Haratz is headed here.
We're gonna need local intel.
The DOJ has an active file
on Haratz.
but it's restricted access.
I can't open it
without throwing up red flags
in the Attorney General's
office.
I may know someone
who can help.
The rest of you. dig up
anything you can on the Kings.
[ Telephone ringing ]
What do you have on Haratz?
Enough to haul him in.
but not enough to make it stick.
That's all I can say.
We're building a case.
I have a good friend.
CEO of a med-tech company.
Got himself mixed up
in a fraud scheme.
The grand jury convened.
and it's looking like there's
going to be an indictment.
They'll seize his assets.
It would be nice
if he had a chance
to shield a little something
in a blind trust for his kids.
You want me to tip him off?
He's a good friend.
close friend.
And I take care of my friends.
How's that clinical trial?
The one I got you into?
You look well.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Agent Keen.
Hello.
The suspect's name
is Silvio Haratz.
He's using a safe house
called The Palace.
We're on our way.
No.
I know The Palace.
You people get within a mile
of that place. he'll be made.
- I'll handle it.
- Forget it. Reddington.
We're not on your payroll.
and you can't call us off.
We're on it.
[ Door opens ]
How much do you want for her?
You can have her.
- [ Electricity crackles ]
- Sorry. Dembe.
[ Body thuds ]
Well-played. Madeline.
Payback for my little gambit
last year. I presume.
Consider us even.
Raymond "Red" Reddington.
Lot number 11.
[ Chuckles ]
Beautiful.
Careful there. boys.
You don't want to bruise
the merchandise.
[ Door opens ]
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
We intercepted Dembe.
He informed us
they used Pratt as bait.
faked the kidnapping
in order to bring Red
into the Kings' custody.
King family auctions
are all about providing
criminals with items of value.
What's more valuable
than Reddington?
Where are we on potential
auction locations?
The Kings have real-estate
holdings all over the world.
You'd have to be invited
to know where this thing is.
Let's not focus on the Kings.
Let's focus on
the Kings' guests.
Try and match the items
we know they have for sale
with the people who might
be interested in buying them.
Cooper:
We'll put together a list.
Alert Immigration and the TSA
on major points of entry.
Identify and report only.
Do not detain.
Your insistence
on not speaking. sir.
is making a tedious exercise
ever so much worse.
Over here. gentlemen.
Please.
Someone help me.
Raymond Reddington
in the flesh.
You must be Tyler.
I hope you're not as
short-sighted as your brother.
I could be one of your
most valued customers.
As I recall.
you're one of the few prospects
who rejected an invitation
to our auction.
Nice try. though.
I haven't even begun to try.
There is one thing
about your family
that's always intrigued me.
Statistically.
65% of inherited fortunes
are frittered away
by the second generation.
90% by the third.
How is it that the Kings
have successfully defied
that trend?
You must tell me your secret.
Winner takes all.
And the loser?
None of your business.
Really.
I'm all for being thorough.
but at this point. you're just
taking the nickel tour.
- [ Keyboard clacking ]
- Alexi Koskov.
a Russian oligarch
with an extensive collection
of stolen masterpieces.
The Art Crime Division says
he's been trying
to acquire the Van Gogh
since it disappeared in 2002.
Koskov's on the no-fly list.
How can he get into the country?
He can't.
But his new
acquisitions emissary.
Josephine Sullivan.
flew in from LA this morning.
She just checked in
to The Vanguard.
Bring her in.
I presume
you've been downstairs.
I have.
Reddington's a game changer.
You can't win.
I have no intention
of quitting now.
Even if you win.
I only have a 16% chance
of losing-- one in six.
We know you're working as a
representative for Alexi Koskov
to authenticate and purchase
a stolen painting
from an illegal auction.
As such. we can charge you
as an accessory after the fact.
not only for the Van Gogh.
but for every crime
the King family has committed
to acquire
the rest of their stock.
including kidnapping
and false imprisonment.
This is the Bureau's file
on you and your boss.
- [ Papers thud ]
- Koskov is untouchable.
But you're right here.
Her instructions were
to introduce herself
to the concierge
at The Harleston Read Hotel.
Owned by the King family trust.
- Everyone there is on their payroll.
- That's it?
She's supposed to ask for a room
with a view of the Capitol.
- Then what?
Navabi: - She'd get a room number.
After that. no idea.
She's never attended
the auction.
Beyond the hotel and the
password. we have nothing.
That's not necessarily true.
They're expecting an American
named Josephine Sullivan.
We can give them that.
Undercover?
Forget it.
I know you want him back.
but there has to be another way.
If you can think of one.
I'm all ears.
Okay. We do it.
But only as far as the hotel.
Go there.
Get what you can.
I'll have a tac team standing by
to hit the auction
as soon as you give us
a location.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
Keen.
It's me.
What the hell are you doing
calling me?
Got a new assignment.
I'm going away for a while.
What's her name?
It's not like that.
- It's not--
- Me?
Yeah. I mean. no.
I mean. it's--
it's. uh--
How you been?
What do you think?
I'm in a lot of trouble
because of you.
So. what?
That's it?
Berlin is out of commission.
and you just... get another gig?
Going away for a long time.
and I thought I'd...
I don't know.
I just wanted to say...
I think the word
you're looking for is goodbye.
Look. I got to go.
It seems like the only thing
we have in common anymore
is pretending
to be someone else.
Wait.
You're going undercover?
For how long?
Just a few hours.
Just keep your ears open.
Try not to talk too much.
Somebody asks you something.
like some little thing
that you don't know.
and you think it's gonna
trip you up. just sneeze.
Sneeze?
[ Chuckling ] Yeah.
They'll say "Gesundheit"
or "God bless you" or whatever.
and 10 out of 10 times.
they'll forget
what they asked you.
I always thought
you just had allergies.
Goodbye. Liz.
You'll need this
for the elevator.
Enjoy your stay.
Ressler: Thank you.
She should have a tracker.
coms at least.
She's going in blind.
Samar:
She can handle it.
She's in.
I have a reservation.
Sullivan.
Josephine Sullivan.
Of course. Ms. Sullivan.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
We have you
in a one-bedroom suite.
- With a view.
- Excuse me?
I requested
a view of the Capitol.
That can be arranged.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
1861.
Last elevator on the left.
[ Sighs ]
[ Elevator bell dings ]
She's in elevator one.
I repeat-- elevator one.
Phone. purse. jewelry.
She's going down.
I repeat-- she's going down.
Get a visual!
Welcome. Ms. Sullivan.
Thank you.
1861.
It wasn't a hotel room.
It was a parking space.
Drink.
What is it?
[ Peter Schilling's "Major Tom
(Voellig Losgeloest)" Plays ]
♪ gruendlich durchgecheckt ♪
♪  steht sie da
und wartet auf den start ♪
♪  alles k ♪
♪  experten streiten sich
um ein paar da ♪
♪  die crew hat da noch
ein paar fragen do ♪
♪ der countdown lauft ♪
♪ effektivitat
bestimmt das hande ♪
♪ man verlasst sich blind ♪
♪  doch major to ♪
♪  macht einen sch ♪
[ Clippers clatter ]
♪  er schwebt wei ♪
♪  voellig losgelo ♪
♪  von der erd ♪
♪  schwebt das raumschif
voellig schwerelos ♪
_
♪ die erde schimmert blau ♪
♪  sein letzter funk kom ♪
♪  gruesst mir meiner fr ♪
[ Song ends ]
[ Wheelchair motor whirring ]
Good heavens. Earl.
You've never had
any feeling in your heart.
but now it looks like
there isn't much going on
below the waist.
I do all right.
The wheelchair
is just a little memento
of our time together
in Bolivia.
No hard feelings. I trust.
Just a few.
But this is only business. Red.
Besides. you warned me.
Pigs eat...
Hogs get slaughtered.
[ Laughs ]
All you had to do was listen.
But that's always been
your problem--
all that money
clogging your ears.
I told you to come with me
that night out on the Altiplano.
I had millions invested.
I couldn't just walk away
like you.
Poor choice of words given
what those soldiers did to you.
[ Chuckles ]
I'd hate to see you play the hog
yet again. Earl.
No. no. Red.
You taught me
an invaluable lesson.
Dispassion is
the businessman's best friend.
One mustn't get emotionally
involved in business.
You have to listen
to the market.
You hear that?
That's the market telling me
you are in demand.
What kind of
a commodity are you?
A wealth of secrets
and information?
Or are you an impulse purchase
for a buyer to settle a score?
You scare people. Red.
How much would you pay
to be rid of your deepest fear?
I've always found fear
to be my most valuable sense.
But then again.
you Kings demonstrate
a propensity for having
more dollars than sense.
[ Chuckles ]
Your son Tyler
was telling me--
"Winner takes all."
I believe he said.
I'm curious strictly from
an estate-planning perspective.
What exactly does that mean?
[ Lock disengages ]
Good evening. Ms. Sullivan.
[ Door closes ]
Take what you want
from the family collection--
anything you need.
We want you to feel beautiful.
How thoughtful.
[ Classical music plays ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Ladies and gentlemen.
[ Music stops ]
Welcome to the vicarage.
I would like to thank you
for traveling many a weary mile
to join us
on this very special evening.
As is customary.
you will have 30 minutes
to spend among the lots--
a taste to whet your appetite
and loosen your purse strings.
[ Light laughter ]
It begins.
[ Music resumes ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Hello... Vincent.
See something you like?
Little Vincent Peretti.
Ms. Sullivan.
of the Peretti family.
Big Vince has turned
state's evidence.
There are half a dozen
Serbians and Sicilians
willing to pay dearly
for the leverage
to insure his silence.
So. I understand you're here
on behalf of Mr. Koskov.
Liz: Yes. I am.
It's rumored Van Gogh actually
painted it at the beach.
and up close.
you can see the grains of sand
bonded to the canvas.
Remarkable.
So. which Ivy League
did you attend?
It's no secret Alexi fancies
a certain breed.
[ Chuckles ]
Columbia. then Princeton.
[ Chuckles ] Really?
I'm a Princeton man.
- Mm!
- [ Chuckles ]
The Dinky was such fun.
wasn't it?
- [ Chuckles ]
- [ Sneezes ]
Bless you.
- [ Sniffles ]
Red: - Oh. the Dinky.
No matter the time of day.
that damn train is always full
of hungover frat boys
and co-eds
in the throes
of morning-after regret.
Is that who I think it is?
Well. I can see that you are
a woman of good taste.
Tyler. I believe the Sheikh
has questions
about your guidance chips.
The Raymond Reddington.
Impossible.
You've changed your hair.
- You know each other.
- Unfortunately.
Perhaps you'd like
to make a bid.
I've heard he's far more trouble
than he's worth.
It's probably easier
to let someone else buy him.
Let him be their problem.
I'm here for the Van Gogh.
He's probably out of
my price range. anyway.
Not mine.
Yaabari.
How are the boys?
They still tell tales
of the man in the hat
who burned down our compound.
I must say.
you've come up in the world.
depending on how
you look at it.
How did you manage
to wrangle an invitation?
Who's backing you?
I'll see you after the auction.
Just give us the location.
Man: I don't know anything.
I'm a hotel employee.
I arrange transportation.
I was doing my job.
Your job is to shuttle people
back and forth
to the King family auction.
That woman you sent off
in the limo?
She's a federal agent
who was investigating a crime
to which
you are now an accessory.
If anything happens to her.
you'll be facing felony charges.
I told you.
I don't know anything.
Cooper: The indictment--
it's coming down tonight.
You and I never had
this conversation.
[ Receiver clicks ]
Sir. uh. we may have a problem.
I was checking with DOC
on Josephine's transfer
to Hazelton.
They allowed her
to make a call to her lawyer.
Cooper:
I gave an order.
If she gets word to her people.
Keen's cover is blown.
Get DOC on the line now!
Auctioneer: Anybody to bid? Now three.
Who'll give me three?
I've got three here.
Who will give me four?
Give me four?
I got four here.
For the bid now 4.25?
$4 million going once.
going twice.
Sold for $4 million
to the gentleman from Maldives.
[ Applause ]
And now. ladies and gentlemen.
one of the most exciting items
of the night.
a mainstay on the FBI's
most wanted list.
this gentleman
has been on the list
longer than any other criminal!
A former
naval intelligence officer.
he possesses a wealth
of classified information
and presides
over one of the world's
most prosperous
extralegal empires.
You may know him as
the concierge of crime.
I present Raymond Reddington.
[ Crowd murmuring ]
I will commence the bidding
at $2 million.
Able to bid now two.
Who will give me two?
I've got two right here.
Who will give me 2.5?
Able to bid now 2.5.
Thank you. ma'am.
Able to bid now three.
Well. that's unexpected.
but welcome.
What is she doing?
She's supposed to be here
for my Van Gogh.
Thank you. sir.
Give me five.
Able to bid now five.
Thank you in the back.
I got five.
Give me six.
Able to bid now six.
Thank you. sir.
Able to bid now seven?
It's only money. folks.
Able to bid now seven.
I'll take it. ma'am.
Thank you.
Able to bid now eight.
Sir. Mr. Koskov called.
The woman who says
she's his emissary--
Mr. Koskov said
she's an impostor.
I knew it.
Able to bid now nine.
- Bring her to me.
- Yes. sir.
Auctioneer:
It's only money. folks.
- Who will give me nine?
- Nine.
[ Spectators murmur ]
I beg your pardon?
$9 million.
I assume my money's good here.
Yaabari: Ten!
Certainly as good as his.
15.
- 16.
- Come on.
I got to be worth as much
as that fake
Xuande Ming vessel was.
- 17.
- 18!
Sorry. Santos.
but those cat's eye Chrysoberyls
are brown. not green.
An expensive forgery.
but a forgery nonetheless.
- 20!
- Ignore that bid!
That hardly seems fair.
Get him off the stage now!
Does the gentlemen maintain
his previous bid of $18 million?
You're leaving money
on the table.
What kind of business
are you running here. Earl?
$18 million going once.
going twice.
sold for $18 million
to the gentleman from Cameroon!
[ Applause ]
[ Laughs ]
- Give us the room.
- Sir?
Now. Agent Ressler.
[ Door slams ]
I don't think you quite
understand the situation.
You're assuming
that you're a material witness
in federal custody
and are entitled
to certain rights.
And while these things
are true.
what you don't know...
is you don't know me.
My doctors recently
detected a mass
within the left hemisphere
of my brain--
an inoperable tumor.
Within a matter of weeks.
it will kill me.
And this has clarified
a number of priorities for me.
Among those priorities.
nothing is more important to me
than the safety
of my colleagues.
I'm committed
that no one under my command
dies during the remainder
of my watch.
And I will do anything
within my power
to honor that commitment.
And since I quite literally
have nothing to lose...
I suggest
you think long and hard
before answering my question.
Where is Elizabeth Keen?
Come on. Let's go.
[ Keypad beeping ]
Liz: Excuse me.
I'm looking for the Van Gogh.
I paid a fortune for it.
All items are held
till the end of the auction.
You need to--
Aah!
Come on.
I'm getting you out of here.
Stay with me.
Okay.
Stay right here. okay?
Man: Take me with you--
Please!
- [ Buzzer ]
- We have to get these people out of here.
- How do you open this thing?
[ Buzzer ]
Lizzy. you need to go.
- Damn it! What's the code?
- Listen to me.
I was brought in through
a series of tunnels that way.
If you hurry.
you'll be miles away
before they ever realize
you're gone.
Take the boy and go.
You could be killed.
Man: She's off the main floor.
Split up.
- Check every room.
- Help me!
Lizzy. you did
everything you could.
It's time to go.
Go.
- [ Door opens ]
Man: - Spread out!
We need to find that girl
immediately.
Okay. get in here.
Get in here.
Where the hell's
the Peretti boy?
Red: I'm sure your friend
with the glass jaw
will enlighten you
when he comes to.
What's in this for you?
You wouldn't understand.
You're not a King.
[ Laughs ]
Funny.
Your father used to say
that exact phrase
as if it somehow excused him
from the use of logic.
What's in it for me?
Hmm.
Legacy and the King family
fortune.
If this is just about the money.
that would be so banal.
I bet your father
would trade it all
for one more walk in the park
with a good friend.
- [ Keypad beeps ]
- Tell me...
Where are all your
good friends now. huh?
If you think
there's a soul in this world
loyal to anything
but your pocketbook.
then you're the one
who's excused himself
from the use of logic.
Your prize.
Let's find that kid!
[ Breathing heavily ]
Vincent. I need you
to run through that door.
See it?
Go as far as you can. okay?
You're not coming with me?
You can't go back!
Run. Go!
Go!
Yaabari. before you exact
your vengeance. consider this--
I could easily provide you
with enough influence
and firepower
to crown yourself king.
Isn't it time you stopped
running through the forest
playing army
with a bunch of kids?
A generous offer.
but I'm here for more
than just my vengeance.
I knew it.
Who's backing you?
A man in Johannesburg
has put a $40 million bounty
on your head.
I plan to collect it.
Good luck.
A lot can happen between
here and Johannesburg.
You will not be traveling
to Johannesburg.
You are not listening.
I said the bounty
is on your head.
We shouldn't be doing this
with that FBI agent
loose on the property.
She is clearly working
with Reddington.
Why else would she bid so high?
To apprehend him.
Who wants Reddington
more than the FBI?
Either way. she'll be found.
so stop making excuses.
You know I've got you beaten.
You're getting
too emotionally invested.
You realize who you sound like.
Do you remember the first time
I beat you at tennis?
That was a long time ago.
I had you at match point
three times.
and all three times.
I lost in an unforced error.
Then you opened your mouth
about how father
would never entrust the estate
to a loser.
I aced you on the next serve.
[ Sirens wailing ]
Right here.
[ Grunts ]
[ Gun cocks ]
Try not to take it personally.
Business is business.
In fact. Raymond. I've always
been quite fond of you.
Can't tell you what a comfort
that is to me.
Lizzy.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Gun clatters ]
Lizzy.
The handcuff key's
in his back pocket.
Liz: Okay.
Someone's gonna come back.
We got to get out of here.
[ Handcuffs clatter ]
- [ Clock chiming ]
Tyler: - This is a fiasco.
That impostor took the place
of my invited guest.
she ignored the Van Gogh.
drove up the price
for Reddington.
and stole the Peretti boy.
How is this any different
from Dubai--
that smuggler from the Orient
who had to be ejected?
Cost me $3 million at the
deadline. and I still beat you.
The contractual deadline
has passed.
- [ Chiming stops ]
- The last tally stands.
Master Francis is the winner.
Father. this is ridiculous.
You must call this off.
You know as well as I do.
There is no calling it off.
Get on with it.
[ Gun cocks ]
If that hammer falls
on an empty chamber.
you'll be dead
before you hit the ground.
Put it down.
[ Gun thuds ]
Earl.
Someone should have put you out
of your misery generations ago.
[ Chuckling ] Oh. my God.
What are the odds?
[ Laughs ]
[ Gun clatters ]
I'll leave the three of you
to your own misery.
Avoid the yard.
be nice to your cell mate.
and whatever you do.
don't eat the franks and beans.
[ Sirens wailing ]
Oh. and I don't need
your lousy tux.
I want my clothes back.
♪ boy. I was ready ♪
♪ boy. I was ready for spring ♪
♪ its beauty changes.
changes everything ♪
♪ done hibernating ♪
♪ we animals roam ♪
♪ out of our holes ♪
♪ looking for the next one
to go down ♪
♪ among the living ♪
♪ among the living again ♪
♪ out in the light of day's
warm embrace again ♪
♪ one. two. three. four ♪
Agent Keen says we recovered
a ledger full of names and dates
from the King family estate--
bills of sale are being
traced back 200 years.
I'm glad
something went well today.
What do you mean?
I'd been overseeing
a fraud case
built against
a med-tech CEO.
I got word this morning
he fled.
It's like he knew
the indictment was coming.
Nothing that should rain
on your parade.
- [ Glass thuds ]
- Congratulate your team for me.
[ Police radio chatter ]
You can never do that again.
- You're welcome.
- I'm serious.
You can... never
do that again.
Promise me.
We took down
dozens of wanted criminals.
recovered millions of dollars
in stolen property.
and saved innocent lives.
I'm not talking about that.
You.
You're talking about you.
Wow.
You are so damaged.
You can't accept help
from anyone.
Has anyone ever helped you?
Is that why you are
the way you are?
Because you don't feel
deserving of it?
Is that why you can't
be vulnerable for a second?
I risked my life for you
because I care about you.
Deal with that.
And when someone
does something nice.
you're supposed to say.
"Thank you."
Thank you.
You're welcome.
But never do it again.
[ Bell tolling ] _
[ Heavy-metal music plays ]
[ Indistinct talking ]
[ Glass thuds ]
_
[ In German ]
One beer.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm